listen so we're in the midst of another
reboot renaissance there's a lot of big
budget franchises have had enough time
passed between their predecessors
and now they're looking to make this new
one a trilogy uh i always saw it as
pre-tournament
riots pre-tournament then hopefully
tournament the post tournament
is the story as bare as jade's closing
the video games yeah but for the fans i
think it has some really fun easter eggs
and nods
and fatalities that deliver because of
that r rating i'm not gonna lie
it is super goofy but i think it's fun
enough to be a renter in my opinion
so if you're interested go check it out
or get that max trial because we're
about to get into
full spoilers let me explain
now a little backtracking in the early
90s when the game came out it was
considered to be
ultra violent to the point that it not
only fueled the council wars but
parents and politicians took it all the
way to congress a new mortal combat hits
a new level of violence
i hope you walk away with one thought
today
that if you don't do something about it
we will we now
require warning labels on toys
that can potentially damage children's
bodies
why not do so on a toy that can damage
their minds
how do you feel about cutting his head
off then the movie adaptation came out
and
it was pg-13 it came from paul w s
anderson who's no stranger to video game
adaptations now but
he was to action back then they do
everything in masters
everything they do a wide master they do
a medium master they do a clothes master
and they say children paul you know like
maybe we can
cut here and then do an insert there so
kind of save energy and say
say no but it's spectacular to do like
one whole take home it was influenced by
hong kong action and toaded being one of
the first wire food blockbusters over
here in the states but
while the punches and the cheese
delivered did the story i don't
think so in the follow-up the story and
dialogue was just
worse too bad you will die
the cgi transformations look like a
scooby-doo sp
graphics and it was just so so so extra
that said it did serve its purpose of
being so bad
that any future installments
automatically were going to be better it
was so
easy so in this new one we follow cole
young who's a brand new character made
for the movie and is meant to appear in
a future game
he's an mma champ who's pretty good at
throwing punches and also receiving them
at least it wasn't this kick right here
now in terms of new characters and a
franchise that's
full of dozens that you could pick from
he does come off a little bit still
but he's meant to be the chosen one
who's going to unite all of earth's
warriors
he doesn't realize that he's a
descendant of hanzo who was murdered by
a rival clan centuries ago as we saw in
the intro of the movie
and so he's part of this majestic ninja
bloodline lineage
i'm an orphan from the south side of
chicago the hell you are
that's why sub-zero starts going after
him along with everyone who has these
matching video game marks on their body
because he's trying to take out all of
earth's mightiest heroes
and fighters he's played by joe taslim
who if you don't know is an
absolute legend he's killed it in the
raid which i'm always praising he did
his thing in fast six
and i highly recommend turning off this
video going over to netflix and
experiencing him in the night comes for
us
he's one of the best so obviously he was
going to be too much for this movie
which ended up being the case joe was so
fast they had to ask him to slow it down
for the camera jacks and sonia worked
together and were part of special forces
who
discovered this special tournament on
one of their tours realizing that
there's different realms out there who
are all trying to take over earth
so they're trying to find all the other
fighters before sub-zero does
jax is played by mikhail brooks who took
inspiration by legendary boxers like joe
frazier for his punches
and he has some of the best lines but he
also has some of the worst whoopings
there's a shot where sub-zero freezes
his arms and then just snaps them
it was fire cold but luckily he gets his
revenge when he gets his robe arms and
he just straight juices reichel later on
sonia doesn't have a marking like the
rest of them so she spends the entire
movie figuring out a way to get them
realizing that if she takes down another
warrior she'll be able to get hers
who are you it's kano kano
man i don't know who that is she makes a
compromise with kano who she had
captured so he can
also continue spinning his one-liners
throughout but you know that that
decision is gonna boomerang back to hurt
them
they magically find liu kang in the
desert and he takes them to raiden who's
looking to gather the best warriors so
shang tsung
doesn't take over the entire human race
and so that wb can get more sequels and
they start training with kung lao in
order to help unleash their powers
and they all just come off like gamers
just smashing buttons on the control the
thing is
sometimes they're not even like
connecting on the kicks it seems they
got kano
k owing himself before he's even touched
i understand it was covered protocols
but
y'all just can't social distance these
kicks
that said everyone spams the sweeps so
much that
you just know that they were clearly
going at it for the fans and the sweep
the super cheap sweep that everybody
hates when it comes to the effects
whenever they were in motion in the air
i thought they looked pretty decent you
know there's even that bit where
sub-zero gets a nice slashing
is it to create a blood circle blade and
that had me going
[Music]
but whenever they're trying to make eye
contact or contact in general sometimes
it looks a little goofy when the blood's
on the ground i thought it looked a
little off and
i'm not expecting it to be as fluid as
what david fincher has done with his
movies but
we got the budget of a franchise maybe
just a little bit better
you don't have to pull an anderson all
the time but maybe a couple less cuts
and a couple more wides
that said i do think that the cast was
giving it the wrong regardless of how
wonky the script was
and i licked the blood off the knife so
i did that first take
and then they called cut and were like
you know you didn't have to do that
right
looty lynn also choreographed a lot of
his own stunts for kang considering his
background in the arts and he delivered
so much that he even made his mama proud
better than his power ranger oh
oh this one which one before at the
ocean
fight one max huang is lao was also cool
since he trained with jackie chan
but his best kill came from that cg hat
i can't even show the clip right here
because i'll get
just completely demonetized because it
was so gruesome it had my
soul gasping more than his did in the
movie flawless
victory because this is a pre-tournament
movie
shang tsung's whole goal is to take them
all out so that they can even register
for the fight
so kano turning on them was more obvious
than the puns he tried to make
throughout
they learned how to work as a team in
order to avenge their fallen as they
take shanks crew out one by one
eventually causing him to swish away and
that's when cole discovers his power
which is
a mix of that wonder woman suit that
just came out with the ability
to boost itself through damage like
t'challa's that's a
it was cole's wife who must have already
been wearing armor because not only did
she take a hit from goro banner over
here
but even survived being frozen below
sub-zero the best character in my
opinion was hanzo especially when he
comes back from hell at scorpion
because i got two bandaras out of me
[Music]
is it fully earned but his intro was so
badass and they delivered on the fan
service that i couldn't help but get
lost in that final fight he's a man of
little words but
he still says a lot i don't like the way
english tastes on my tongue
honestly though if this was supposed to
be the pre-movie then it should have all
been in japanese in my opinion
and in that time period to cover that
side of the story not just brush over it
that might have been damn near a combo
price since it would have truly fleshed
out the story like they claimed they
wanted to
it would have felt more like a cinematic
universe full of characters rather than
what feels like
a teaser for a franchise of installments
to come i want to see more of that
bloodline of warriors explored
you're an established franchise so you
can take the time to explore these
realms and not overstuff it with
fighters so that each of them get their
shine
and if you're going to introduce a new
character give his family
and him a little more personality so
they don't come off as punching bags
overall it is a decent intro to this
franchise that they're trying to rebuild
and i truly think that they scored a
good cast they just need to spruce up
the script a bit
flesh out these roles keep it rated r
and wb will get people to
get over here thank you guys for
checking out this video i'm curious to
know your thoughts down below in the
comments section
i know the games have an extensive lore
at this point so there's a lot that they
can pull from and
definitely a lot more that they could
cover uh but i found it interesting that
this one was produced by james juan so
i'm curious to see if he's gonna tackle
a future one or
who you're curious to see for them to
bring in and direct who you're curious
to see as johnny cage
i personally believe that scott adkins
has been working his entire life and he
deserves a big role
it should go to him i'm rooting for him
to get it but if they do go for someone
who's like a bigger name which i don't
really want him to
but if if it is going to be someone
who's prolific i'd rather be
keanu i know that's someone that they've
been throwing out there a lot that'd be
dope to see but
i'm curious to know your thoughts on
there what you thought about this movie
did you like it did you not did you
prefer some of the other ones which
one's your favorite game
who's your go-to fighter all that stuff
down below in the comment section and
anything else that you want to see us
cover
and until next time don't forget to
comment like and subscribe
or you'll face a fatality